0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, before:

0. Hello World  echo "Hello,World"   script that prints “Hello, World”, followed by a new line to the standard output.
1. Confused smiley echo echo \"\(Ôo\)\'  a script that displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'.
2. Let's display a file  cat /etc/passwd   Display the content of the /etc/passwd file.
3. What about 2? cat /etc/passwd /ect/host Display the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts.
4. Last lines of a file  tail /etc/passwd Display the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd.
5. I'd prefer the first ones actually head /etc/passwd Display the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd.
5. I'd prefer the first ones actually head /etc/passwd Display the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd.                                     
6. Line #2   head -n 3 iacta | tail -n 1   a script that displays the third line of the file iacta.                                   
7. It is a good file that cuts iron without making a noise \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:)                                     
8. Save current state of directory  ls -la > ls_cwd_content Putting contents into the file.

Commit message:

Shell redirection duplicate line commit

0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, after:

0. Hello World  echo "Hello,World"   script that prints “Hello, World”, followed by a new line to the standard output.
1. Confused smiley echo echo \"\(Ôo\)\'  a script that displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'.
2. Let's display a file  cat /etc/passwd   Display the content of the /etc/passwd file.
3. What about 2? cat /etc/passwd /ect/host Display the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts.
4. Last lines of a file  tail /etc/passwd Display the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd.
5. I'd prefer the first ones actually head /etc/passwd Display the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd.
5. I'd prefer the first ones actually head /etc/passwd Display the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd.                                     
6. Line #2   head -n 3 iacta | tail -n 1   a script that displays the third line of the file iacta.                                   
7. It is a good file that cuts iron without making a noise \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:)                                     
8. Save current state of directory  ls -la > ls_cwd_content Putting contents into the file. 
9. Duplicate last line    tail -n 1 iacta | cat >> iacta  script that duplicates the last line of the file iacta
