0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, before:

This is a repo for all shell permissions 

1. 0. My name is Betty   " su betty"   a script that switches the current user to the user betty.
2. 1. Who am I    "whoami"  script that prints the effective username of the current user. 
3. 2. Groups  "groups"  script that prints all the groups the current user is part of.
4. 3. New owner "chown betty hello" script that changes the owner of the file hello to the user betty.
4. 4. Empty!  "touch hello"  script that creates an empty file called hello.
5. 5. Execute  "chmod u+x hello" script that adds execute permission to the owner of the file hello.
6. 6. Multiple permissions "chmod ug+x,o+r hello"  script that adds execute permission to the owner and the group owner, and read permission to other users, to the file hello.
7. 7. Everybody!  "chmod ugo+x hello"  script that adds execution permission to the owner, the group owner and the other users, to the file hello.
8. 8. James Bond  "chmod 007 hello"   a script that sets the permission to the file hello as follows: Owner: no permission at all --Group: no permission at all --Other users: all the permissions

Commit message:

Shell permissions -rwxr-x-wx  commit

0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, after:

This is a repo for all shell permissions 

1. 0. My name is Betty   " su betty"   a script that switches the current user to the user betty.
2. 1. Who am I    "whoami"  script that prints the effective username of the current user. 
3. 2. Groups  "groups"  script that prints all the groups the current user is part of.
4. 3. New owner "chown betty hello" script that changes the owner of the file hello to the user betty.
4. 4. Empty!  "touch hello"  script that creates an empty file called hello.
5. 5. Execute  "chmod u+x hello" script that adds execute permission to the owner of the file hello.
6. 6. Multiple permissions "chmod ug+x,o+r hello"  script that adds execute permission to the owner and the group owner, and read permission to other users, to the file hello.
7. 7. Everybody!  "chmod ugo+x hello"  script that adds execution permission to the owner, the group owner and the other users, to the file hello.
8. 8. James Bond  "chmod 007 hello"   a script that sets the permission to the file hello as follows: Owner: no permission at all --Group: no permission at all --Other users: all the permissions.
9. 9. John Doe "chmod 753 hello"  script that sets the mode of the file hello to this: -rwxr-x-wx 1 julien julien 23 Sep 20 14:25 hello.
